IPv6 and dual-stack ATIP documentation updates (#523)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/edge-book/releasenotes.adoc

== Bug & Security Fixes

> * With the included Metal3 version, it is now possible to define dual-stack CAPI clusters. Previously only single stack deployments were possible due to a bug that filtered additional CIDRs for both Pods and Services. Please refer to https://github.com/suse-edge/atip[https://github.com/suse-edge/atip] for examples on how to configure IPv4, IPv6 and dual-stack downstream clusters (currently limited to single host deployments)

Reviewer: * The bug was in the RKE2 CAPI provider, so I'd say `With the included RKE2 CAPI provider version`
* Perhaps include a link to https://github.com/rancher/cluster-api-provider-rke2/pull/452 ?
* I'd say `currently limited to single host deployments as a technical preview` to ensure the support status is clear

> * With the included Metal3 version, it is now possible to define dual-stack CAPI clusters. Previously only single stack deployments were possible due to a bug that filtered additional CIDRs for both Pods and Services. Please refer to https://github.com/suse-edge/atip[https://github.com/suse-edge/atip] for examples on how to configure IPv4, IPv6 and dual-stack downstream clusters (currently limited to single host deployments)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With the included Metal3 version, it is now possible to define dual-stack CAPI clusters. Previously, only single-stack deployments were possible due to a bug that filtered additional CIDRs for both Pods and Services. For examples on configuring IPv4, IPv6 and dual-stack downstream clusters (currently limited to single-host deployments), refer to https://github.com/suse-edge/atip[https://github.com/suse-edge/atip].
```

== Known issues

> * A well-known bug affects clusters using static IPs on a network where DHCP servers and/or RAs are also present: any static network configuration will only apply to the provisioned host and will not be in effect during the host discovery and enrollment phase. Please refer to the https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/main/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp-less/dual-stack/single-node#readme[ATIP repository] for more details and updates.

Reviewer: nit: I'd just say "A bug affects ..."

To improve upstream visibility I wonder if we should raise a bug under https://github.com/suse-edge/charts/issues to track this (as the fix will result in a new metal3 chart release)

> * A well-known bug affects clusters using static IPs on a network where DHCP servers and/or RAs are also present: any static network configuration will only apply to the provisioned host and will not be in effect during the host discovery and enrollment phase. Please refer to the https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/main/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp-less/dual-stack/single-node#readme[ATIP repository] for more details and updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A well-known bug affects clusters with static IPs in networks with DHCP servers and/or RAs: static network configurations only apply to the provisioned host and will not be in effect during the host discovery and enrollment. Please refer to the https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/main/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp-less/dual-stack/single-node#readme[ATIP repository] for more details and updates.
```

> * A bug affects clusters with static IPs in networks with DHCP servers and/or RAs: static network configurations only apply to the provisioned host and will not be in effect during the host discovery and enrollment. Please refer to the https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/main/telco-examples/edge-clusters/dhcp-less/dual-stack/single-node#readme[ATIP repository] for more details and updates.

Reviewer: Can we prefix this to clarify that it only impacts the CAPI/Metal3 flow, for example "When deploying via the CAPI+Metal3 flow, a bug affects..." or we could use the terminology used elsewhere in the docs e.g "When deploying via the directed network provisioning flow ..."

registry.suse.com/edge/3.2/release-manifest:3.2.0
|======

= Technology previews

> Unless otherwise stated these apply to the 3.2.0 release and all subsequent z-stream versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unless otherwise stated, these apply to the 3.2.0 release and all subsequent z-stream versions.
```

> * Akri is a Technology Preview offering, and is not subject to the standard scope of support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Akri is a Technology Preview offering and is not subject to the standard scope of support.
```

> * Edge Image Builder on aarch64 is a Technology Preview offering, and is not subject to the standard scope of support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Edge Image Builder on aarch64 is a Technology Preview offering and is not subject to the standard scope of support.
```

> * IPv6 and dual-stack downstream deployments are a Technology Preview offering, and are not subject to the standard scope of support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* IPv6 and dual-stack downstream deployments are a Technology Preview offering and are not subject to the standard scope of support.
```

= Components Verification

> The components mentioned above may be verified using the Software Bill Of Materials (SBOM) data - for example using `cosign` as outlined below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The components mentioned above may be verified using the Software Bill Of Materials (SBOM) data - for example, using `cosign` as outlined below:
```

> It is recommended to create a non-root user or use key based authentication, but if necessary installing the package `openssh-server-config-rootlogin` restores the old behavior and allows password-based login for the root user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended to create a non-root user or use key based authentication, but if necessary, installing the package `openssh-server-config-rootlogin` restores the old behavior and allows password-based login for the root user.
```
